Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to go over some things that Braden has found in the news today that go with the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, some of the stuff we've been praying over.
You know, it's neat to see what we've been praying over in the news.
I think it's a lot of fun. You say, 'Look, there it is. It's in the news now.'So, we're going to go over some of that.
We're just going to jump in the river. Last night was pretty interesting.
The pulse of the Father is the river that we went in, praying for the lost, praying for revival as we saw the farmer.
And the Lord showed us the rooster crowing and the silos full.
So, I'll just say this real quick, because so many people were saying, 'Brandon, where's the transcript?'We didn't know what happened with the transcript, but I got it back up.
YouTube would not put our transcript up. So, for the subtitles for the hearing impaired, I don't know what happened.
For whatever reason, it took us all day, and then finally this evening we got it up for yesterday's video.
We apologize to the hearing impaired, to the ones that need the subtitles, and for the transcript for the people who don't want to pray along; they just want to know what's going on.
Let me pray over the atmosphere. Father, we pray over our live stream. We pray over the airways. We pray over the internet feed.
We thank you, Lord, that it is uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over our internet tonight, over the fiber optics or whatever it's called.
Father, we just thank you. We pray over the atmosphere. We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are here.
They're protecting us, Father, and there's no distraction.
My thoughts are clear, and I get everything out like we need to, in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. All right. As I saw the silos last night, I could see silos that were completely empty.
I could see the wheat fields that were completely full of wheat that was ready to harvest.
As I saw the silos, the silo on the left side hardly got any grain in it.
But as I was watching the right silo, it was full, and it started to look like somebody was pressing it down, and it was bursting out the sides.
Why in the vision did the harvesters not put it in the second silo? I don't know.
But in the vision, the harvest and the grain were coming out the top, but there was hardly any grain in the other silo.
I don't know what that symbolized or why that was like that, but I thought it was interesting because I've thought about that all day.
'Why, Lord, did the other silo not get anything in it?'There was so much more room for harvest to be in that other silo, but it wasn't in the vision.
As I was watching the farmer, he had two of those metal buckets that you would milk a cow with. He was carrying those buckets and was frantic.
In farming, you don't collect grain in a metal bucket; you feed your animals with it, slop your pigs, or collect milk. But that farmer had overalls on.
He had a really cool-looking short-sleeve plaid shirt on, a straw hat with a piece of straw coming out of his mouth, and he was frantic, running around.
One person running around trying to do farm chores. I saw a dog running on a slender path that wasn't wide, but it looked like a road leading to this farm.
I could see all the grain in the distance. As we were praying, we were praying for the harvesters to come forth.
We were praying last night for the major harvest that's about to take place, that the Lord was calling for the harvesters to come forth.
It's time, for the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few. So, we were praying into that last night.
As I was looking into the nations and praying for Canada and Asia, I could see Cuba.
Little lights started to pop up all over Cuba, but it was in Havana. On the northeastern side, it started to get lights again.
I could see lights coming, but they looked like little lights representing people.
You know, when you see city lights come on, it's a big cluster, looking like a city is glowing all at once from a satellite photo.
But as I was looking at this, they looked like little stars, and they started to appear all over the map as we were praying into this harvest.
It was all over Cuba. First, it started on the northeast side of the island coming toward it, and it started to glow.
I thought that was interesting as I was looking and praying into Cuba.
As I was praying also, and this is where I thought it was interesting, I saw...
Can you show the fish? Yes. Do you have a picture of that fish? I saw a man that had the head of a fish in the White House.
I saw a skinnier man with a red tie, a white shirt, and a blue suit similar to President Trump.
But we know President Trump is not that weight; he looks skinnier and slender. He looked like a fish with a yellow belly.
It had purple around its eyes, and it had yellow on its body with black and white stripes.
It looked like this fish right here. You have it? Yeah. As Braden is trying to pull the fish up so you can see it, that's the head of the body.
It was moving around in a swimming pattern, like, 'Just keep swimming, just keep swimming,'in a pattern in the Oval Office.
It looked like that fish right there. Very interesting to me.
As I was looking into this, I saw a fog coming on President Trump's head that looked like a cloud.
It went to his ears, over his eyes, and looked like a storm cloud, but it was almost transparent.
It looked like fog, but with ripples. You know how you see a thunderstorm cloud, it looks like cauliflower or cotton.
It was a storm cloud above his head. As it was coming down over his eyes, he got a film that looked like cataracts over his eyes.
It was a thin white layer that made him have no pupils. It was all one white thing over his eyes, and he wasn't able to see.
It was over him as I saw this fish whispering in his ear. I have said before in the past that this person is a chameleon, like a lizard; able to blend in really easily.
As we were praying, the Lord brought up the scripture about unlearned men in Acts 4.
Do you have that one? It was talking about how they perceived they were unlearned men.
Yeah. Here it is. You have it, son. Thank you. Now, this is Acts 4:13. Do you have that?
I don't know why that thing blocks my view; I'm going to move that tonight. Okay.
'Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled, and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.'As I was looking at who Trump allows around him, they are Ivy League school men and women, people of great education and knowledge.
He's into education, I get that; you don't want ignorant people around you.
But as I was seeing these Ivy League people, they were tainted. They had an appearance of a lot.
Maybe sometimes you have an appearance of godliness, but they deny the power thereof.
They don't have that real Holy Ghost inside of them. They are led by their intellect, the world, and their education. They're not hearing clearly the Spirit of the Lord.
The true people that would need to be around him would be putting prayer warriors on his right, his left, his back, his front.
They would have prayer warriors around him because they have been with Jesus.
They marveled. And that's what the Lord showed me. They marveled.
The Pharisees, or whoever these people were... I need to read the rest of the chapter.
I believe it's the Romans or whatever. They marveled and they took knowledge of them.
I don't need it, honey. It's fine. You don't have to pull up the rest of it. I'm trying to move fast tonight.
But what the Lord was showing me is that I saw an Ivy League school around him, taking counsel from the ungodly.
As that film was coming over his eyes hearing it, it was causing confusion.
Even with some of the things he's saying right now, he's like, 'The war is over, and we're done.'Yeah, because we knocked out all their navy, their air force, and we knocked out everything, but we're sending ground troops, but the war's over.
It causes the economy and everything to have a lot of instability.
You can feel that it seems like they are trying to pull out of it, saying, 'Hey, we're going to go a different direction,'but yet we still are going down the path of having to find uranium, plutonium, or whatever.
We've got to find this under the ground in these hidden places in the mountains.
I believe that we'll have a window because of what the Lord has showed me, but it's not as quick as what we want it to be for them to have a revival.
There are still evil men that need to be taken out. We have a regime change, which is what he's calling it.
And you see all this stuff, but it's not to the level of what needs to be. I don't see the prince coming on and doing things yet.
I haven't seen this grey-headed man, Reza Pahlavi, whatever his name is.
We haven't really seen him come on the scene a lot because he's still hiding, because he knows that his life would be in danger, I'm sure.
But the new Ayatollah Khamenei, whoever this new guy is that's coming about, we haven't seen him.
We haven't seen a lot of them. I know there are still some evil men that need to go away.
It's the same thing with Iraq, the same things with the pink currency, and why we have not seen stability there.
Now they're saying they want to send JD Vance over to Pakistan to have a meeting with them and have all this stuff.
I pray for peace. Wouldn't that be wonderful if it was already over? But I still feel a need to push a little bit more.
There's something more still there to push a little bit more concerning this now.
That's what we're praying about. Praying for a liberating over Cuba, and it will be quick for the Cuban people.
Let's go over some of the things you have for the news tonight, but that's part of what we saw last night, y'all.
Just a real quick rundown of everything, not trying to draw it out like we do for over an hour.
Do you have any of these things you want to show them, or do you want to move on?
They have these lines of people walking. There are lines for gas wars in other nations.
In Australia, they're closing down gas stations because there's no gas.
So, I want to play this video real quick. This is Sydney. This is what the Lord showed us.
If you remember, he said there would be no gas and people would line up and it would start to have gas wars.
In my opinion, not financial advice, I saw oil going really high because of the state of things that I believe the Lord has showed me.
Now you pray about it. I didn't realize people were looking at it as financial advice.
This is not financial advice. This is, in my opinion, what I feel the Lord has showed me. So go ahead and take a look at those bowsers.
You can see that every single one of those is either covered up or has a sign on it saying no petrol. Everything is out of service.
There is no fuel whatsoever here at the Ampol in Cherrybrook on getting fuel to where it needs to be.
From Queensland to South Australia, nearly 250 service stations are out of diesel.
Those who can get it are paying dearly. We use approximately 30,000 liters a month.
It's a dollar a liter dearer than what we paid three weeks ago.
Surging diesel costs are hurting the transport sector, too.
Unions are demanding government intervention to ensure drivers are compensated.
Take a look at those bowsers. You can see it's pretty amazing.
You know, when you're seeing a vision, you always try to say it's America you're looking at.
It's not always America, folks. We're called to the globe. We're called to the world.
Here we are praying for the end times. Like I said, America only has 300 and some million people here. It's a global thing.
This is about what's affecting the world: Europe, Asia, South America, you know, and on and on, Africa.
Now, I want to show you more about what BlackRock said today. Now, this is interesting. This is what I told you.
I saw BlackRock in great interference with Canada and Europe.
And I said, 'This is Agenda 2030.'Look at what the CEO of BlackRock said today.
Now, this is interesting because I'm telling you what I've seen is they don't like Trump.
He is the log in the road that blocks Agenda 2030 from coming into full manifestation, and they wanted it faster.
And if Kamala Harris would have been in the office, we know we'd be seeing it faster than 2030.
The rollout of this is being delayed because I believe Trump is the log in the road.
So we see what he says. Now go ahead and play him. This is the CEO of BlackRock.
'If there's a cessation of war and yet Iran remains a threat, a threat to trade, a threat to the Straits of Hormuz, then I would argue we could have years of above $100, closer to $150 oil.'What happens to the global economy if that happens?
How do we see it? We'll have a global recession. So they're calling for a global recession is what he believes, and he's the CEO of one of the most powerful banking industries in the world, right?
Very interesting to me. 'I believe we'll have a global recession,'he says, 'by $100 a barrel, $150 a barrel.'Do you have any more of that kind of stuff?
Yeah. Oh, wait, where was it at? What were those gas lines right there?
Yeah, this guy had a full financial crisis. 7.4 million people are freaking out.
Yeah, well, that's Peter. And did you show that? No. Go ahead and show them.
Now, do I always agree with this guy? No, but I think it's interesting.
The sky is falling. You know, everybody says the sky is falling. What is it going to have to do with a global recession?
I told you I saw a global economic depression worse than the 1929 stock market crash coming.
Braden took a picture of the chart of the stock market and everything, and it had where we are and what it was. We got it from Johnny Bravo's channel.
Jay Bravo had it on his channel, and it had the graph of where America's dollar was, the stock market, and you could almost mirror them for the ups and downs and all of it.
And I thought, surely that has to be fake. It was almost cookie-cutter.
I thought, from 1929 to now, it almost looks like they're identical when you look at the picture.
Braden showed me, and I said, 'No way. Is that real?'I mean, it's just way out there.
But if you go back to what I told you I saw, I believe you will see it.
Go ahead, can you show that? This is on Jay Bravo's channel. He had this on there, and it looks pretty cookie-cutter.
Are you showing him? 1929 to right now. Isn't that creepy? It looks very similar.
He was talking about his charts and his graphs. I don't understand all that stuff, but I think it's interesting.
If it goes and does that, you'll know what the Lord already told us.
Whenever I was praying, He said this will be worse than the 1929 stock market crash.
And as I've prayed into it, He said, 'But it would be worse because people don't know how to make a garden like they did back then.
People don't know how to live off the land like they did back then. People are used to going through the drive-thru.
People are used to going in and having it your way real quick.'But they didn't have it your way in 1929.
They weren't able to go and do the things that we do right now.
And most people in a major city have no idea how to even plant a tomato plant, let alone have a full-grown garden and live off the land.
If you go over the things the Lord has shown me, I've warned you. He said people are not prepared for what's about to happen.
There will be some people that go through some very hard times.
The ones that have not prepared will go through very hard times.
What is this all leading to? The dollar is in the way. The Lord said the dollar is in the way.
This is the beginning phase of the beast system. A digital platform, a digital one-world currency, is coming in the days ahead.
But first, you have to destroy the dollar. As we see, I believe we're at almost 50 trillion in the deficit.
Almost 50 trillion. I told you, in the natural, there is no way to pay that back. It's impossible.
I keep praying over what the Lord told me, and He said, 'Brandon, it's just buying time.
It's treading water.'As I've told you, President Trump is in his canoe, paddling as fast as he can to keep the canoe from going over Niagara Falls.
He's trying to do the best he can, but it will eventually go over the waterfall.
We all know what the Bible says, that there will be a beast system.
There will be a one-world order and a one-world government.
There will be all these things. But He said, 'I'm giving you a window.
What will you do with this window? What will you do with this window for a great harvest? Basically, this ripe fruit that we're seeing.
The harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.'But He said, 'There'll be 1% that listen to me on the wealth transfer.
There won't be very many. They're not listening in the good times or in the bad times.
They're not listening.'He said, 'Don't take on more debt. Don't go into more debt. Pay it off.
You have huge house loans, huge car loans, huge credit card loans, and all this defaulting and stuff going on in the days ahead.'The Lord would warn me about this over and over again.
I saw the money in the banks. One morning, I saw all the banks seizing all the money.
It happened overnight when I saw it happen, and there were bank runs, and people were all outside.
Remember It's a Wonderful Life, you know? Remember when Mr.
Potter had what was going on, and George Bailey was trying to go on his honeymoon, and they were like, 'George Bailey, you know Mr.
Potter's giving you all this on the dollar,'and the guy said, 'I want all of what's in my account.'If anybody remembers the movie, I saw something similar to that in the modern day, but they wouldn't allow the people to get their money through ATMs or anything.
So they seized all of it, and all the money that was in the banks was gone.
Remember how during COVID they told you that you didn't have to make your payments because you didn't have a job?
'You don't have to pay for three months. We'll freeze your house payment.
We'll freeze your car loan payment for this time frame, and we'll give you grace to get through.'And there were bailouts, they had all kinds of stimulus money, and they were paying people everything.
I saw that happening on steroids again. But as I saw this happening, I saw lines of people trying to get food.
They were rationing how much food you could get. And I saw, there it is.
There's George Bailey. You're so funny, son. I love that movie.
But I saw them having just a sack of food going into places, and there was a mile-long line trying to get food. In major cities, they didn't have enough.
They took what was in one store and what was in another store, and they brought it all to one store to make a whole store because there weren't enough products in the stores.
So, if you go back to the first visions the Lord showed us, they were warnings about some of the things that you're hearing in the news today, the beginning of it.
They talk about it now, but I tried to warn you. I saw all these lines. I saw that you couldn't get certain medicines.
Now, one of the viewers emailed and said, 'Listen, we get 50% of our medicines from India.'Now, I don't know how much of this is true.
My wife and I don't have time to research all this stuff, but we think it's interesting.
They said 50% of our medications come from India, and 50% comes from China.
Now, what medicines come from China? Because when I saw this, they were trying to take Taiwan. They wanted the chips. They wanted to take over the chips.
And as I saw Japan going to the strait to help out with that, they were looking at what people were there to help defend Taiwan.
As people are distracted with Iran, within a three-day window, when they decide this, it was in the still of the night.
They blacked it out with cyber warfare, and they took over Taiwan within a three-day window.
It wasn't much of a fight, but they wanted the chips. Now, I don't know what that would do to the global industry.
I don't know. All I'm telling you is that's what they were after.
And as I saw it, it was North Korea and Russia, and they had a plan.
But then there was a trade war saying, 'We're not going to send you medicine,'and they were using the medicine as blackmail against the United States of America.
These are the things I saw. I saw Japan stand by our side, but I saw a mother hen trying to grab hold of the Asian nations and bring them close to China.
It was trying to scoop them all up, from South Korea to all the other nations, trying to bring them in like a mother hen would her chicks.
You know, do I believe that could be in the tribulation? Yeah.
Do I believe it could be now? I pray not. But, you know, I see in part and hear in part.
So, the timing of it, I don't always know. People ask me, 'Brandon, do you believe you're seeing into the tribulation?
Do you believe you're seeing past 2028?'Every single time I'm praying, I don't always know.
I know sometimes I could be looking into the tribulation. It just takes more prayer, more seeking Him, and knowing Him. Sometimes He'll put dates above things.
I'll see calendar months, and He'll take the calendar—like when you see one of those paper calendars and you rip the months off.
He'll take that, fan it, and I'll see the month and the date go in front of me.
I can see it passing by, and He'll show me like that, and I'll go, 'Oh, I know this is this.
It's coming by this timeframe.'But usually, I see a wall concerning 2028 and beyond.
So, I don't know if I'm looking past when it comes to the asteroid.
People say that's supposed to be Apophis, which is supposed to be Wormwood. 'Brandon, it's 2029. April 13th of 2029.
It will happen on a Friday.'And I'm like, well, if that is true, then I'm looking into 2029.
But what I believe in my spirit is that when you're looking, it looks like it's right here, but it's really out there.
Because you're in the spirit and you're looking at it, it looks like it's tomorrow. I told Braden, we've talked about it.
I said, 'Man, it feels like it's going to happen.'And it's a year later, like you're seeing some of the things I've told you now.
It's been a year, and I go, 'Oh, I forgot about that.'But when I was looking at it, it looked like it was right here, going to happen right now.
That tells you how vast God is. 365 days to Him is nothing. That is just a millisecond.
But in our minds, 365 days is a long time. A year ago is a year ago, you know.
So, I hate putting timeframes on things, but I see a major economic 1929-style global depression coming.
I've seen it. It comes out of war. It comes out of famine. It comes out of manipulation of weather.
It comes out of a lot of things. I saw a plague coming. I saw a plague that's worse than COVID on steroids.
And they say it's on the money. It's on the money. You can't touch that money.
The virus is on the money. So they start rolling out more digital. And it starts with your cell phone. It starts with a thing.
If you say, "Well, I don't have a cell phone,"they give you something.
It's like a card that you put around your neck. They don't introduce this on your forehead for a while.
That happens in the tribulation. I did not see it happening before. It was not even the first year of tribulation.
When I went to the tribulation with the Lord, it was like year two or three that the chip starts coming out.
It wasn't even the first year of the seven years. So most people go, "When is the chip coming?"Tribulation was going on. The Antichrist was ruling for a while.
It looked like it wasn't the day of, "Well, we got to bring out the chip, everybody,"and they come out and start injecting everybody.
It was at least, I'm telling you by what it looked like in the years when I would go with the Lord and we would go from year to year, it looked like two to three years into the tribulation before they bring out the chip.
But it's complete anarchy for a while. And he brings in a sense of, "I have a plan."So that's what I'm trying to tell you all.
It all started with cell phones, Apple Pay, that kind of stuff.
You using your phone and everybody paying with stuff, but you don't want to touch cash because cash is trash and it's dirty.
So it was digital. And that's why I told you I saw a new digital frontier coming with crypto.
And it will start out with Garlinghouse smiling like a Cheshire cat because he wants to get them to bring forth the Clarity Act.
And I saw the other banks trying to hold it back, but they lose control of it because it's just part of the end times.
And it's certain cryptocurrency. I said, "Why?"That's why I try to tell you, watch the function of the coin.
What does it represent? If you read about it and educate yourself, does it influence the end times?
Does it serve a purpose for the end times? That's what I was basing it off of, looking into these visions and things.
How does it function with a beast system? Banking, dealing without the dollar, dealing without the yen, dealing without the dinar, dealing without...
as Claudia said, Mexico is going to a cashless society. Did anybody see that?
Mexico announced that we're going to go to a cashless society.
And I thought, really, already? Interesting. Mexico, the peso, right?
Their currency is worth nothing already, and we're going to go cashless.
That's kind of interesting. Why? What's happening with that?
So, let's go over some of the other things. All this is, in my opinion, what I feel the Lord has told me.
Could I be off on it? Yeah, I can miss it. I'm not a theologian of Bible prophecy, but I'm going to tell you, I pray.
I see in part, I hear in part, and I know we're on the verge of something major coming for the beast system, for all the things that we know the Bible told us are coming.
The word of God is our blueprint. And we know what the Bible says, that the Antichrist system is coming.
And so we just look up because we know our redemption's drawing nigh, ladies and gentlemen.
We just know. But our job right now is to not focus on all that. Our job is to focus on bringing in the lost.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to shake the nations in the days ahead. I'm going to shake the nations.
April 1st will be the beginning of the birthing pains doubling."So, what's happening on April 1st?
Does anybody know what's happening on April 1st? Passover.
But this is interesting, too. Can you show them what else is going to happen on April 1st?
Yeah. Right here. April 1st. Interesting. I told you birthing pains will double concerning the signs in the heavens, right?
When we get to the moon and establish the base, do we then go on to Mars?
Absolutely. That's one of the best reasons to go to the moon.
Look, the moon is a couple of days away, but it is a great proving ground for us.
We're going to get our American astronauts, NASA astronauts, on the surface of the moon. We're going to start to interact with the lunar regolith.
We're going to do in situ resource manufacturing where we work with the water ice to make propellant.
And I'll tell you what, that is a critical capability you're going to need to be able to do when you send American astronauts to Mars someday.
They're actually going to have to make their propellant on the surface.
And then that's how they come back home from Mars to tell us about it.
Not to mention, you're going to need nuclear power and propulsion in space.
The moon. What did he just say? They want to take water and turn it into ice to make a propellant.
What do they know about water that's a fuel source? What are they doing with that?
I'm telling you, I'm just smart enough to tell you, what is he talking about?
But I said they're going to create a new fuel out of water that is better than jet fuel, better than nuclear.
It will be a new fuel source that will power rockets and fighter jets and things like that in the future, and it will be sustainable energy that never runs out, and you'll be able to do space travel, be able to do these things, right?
That's what they're doing. I saw jet engines running off of just a little bit of water.
Go ahead. I'm sorry. I just have to tell you this stuff. This is what the Lord's been showing us.
American astronauts to Mars someday. They're actually going to have to make their propellant on the surface.
And then that's how they come back home from Mars to tell us about it.
Not to mention, you're going to need nuclear power and propulsion in space. The moon is a perfect proving ground for that.
And again, you're going to someday take nuclear power and propulsion farther out into the solar system, explore the outer solar system, and bring it down to the surface of Mars to help make that propellant that we're going to need to send astronauts to and from Mars with great frequency when we get to the moon and establish the base.
Anything else? What? That wasn't first. Wait a minute. It didn't say April 1st.
Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, they're sending up... I can get it real quick.
Well, it's okay if you can't. I'm throwing that at you. It's not your fault, it's my fault.
April 1st is the date they're sending astronauts up for the first time, and they're doing a huge mission.
And so Braden was showing me, and he said, "Daddy, look, April 1st. It's the date you've been praying about.
April 1st, Dad."And I said, "Get out of here."Less TV channels back then, sir. I'll tell you what.
So it's kind of understandable that some of the public's interest is attracted to different things.
But I'll tell you what, April 1st, Artemis 2, it's going to be the most important human space flight mission in more than a half-century.
We're sending NASA astronauts and one Canadian Space Agency astronaut around the moon, farther into space than we've ever sent humans before on a 10-day journey back safely here to Earth, which will set up for subsequent missions.
We're going to be launching moon rockets in 2027. We're going to be launching again in 2028 where American astronauts will return to the surface.
It's only a matter of time before NASA once again captivates the world's attention.
We will be watching Jared Isacson. Thank you very much. Pretty interesting. It's April Fool's Day.
But I just thought, isn't that interesting, because the Lord said an acceleration of things concerning April 1st.
He said, "That's Passover."And he said, "Watch, the birthing pains will now double."So, China says... I told you China was in the meeting.
I said, "They saw something coming."Remember, I said, "Their scientists know something's coming."And China was freaking out.
And I saw them trying to discuss things with the American scientists.
And China was saying, "We must get ready, for there is an object coming."And I said, "This is Wormwood."And so you hear this young man...
Now, you know, we have to filter everything because you don't know what's fake and you don't know what's real.
But this lines up with what I told you the Lord showed us. And Braden found this.
Can you play this, and then we'll move on. We'll pray. How long is this?
No, not that. I'm talking about how long have I been talking to you. No. Yeah. I'm trying to figure... TikTok is...
China just officially confirmed that they're going to be launching a spacecraft in 2027 to slam into an asteroid at 14,000 mph.
And they're going to be doing it on purpose. They're saying that the goal is simple.
They just want to ram a spacecraft into an asteroid so hard that it'll change the rock's orbit around the sun.
And again, they want to do it on purpose. The official mission is going to be sending two spacecraft on the same exact rocket.
One is going to fly ahead, park itself near the asteroid, and study it for up to 6 months.
Then the second one is going to come out at roughly 14,000 mph, and it's going to slam directly into it.
The first spacecraft is actually going to be recording the entire impact so that we can watch it, and it's going to monitor the aftermath for up to a year.
Now, this is why this does matter, because NASA already pulled this off in 2022.
They crashed a spacecraft into an asteroid and successfully shifted its orbit.
China is basically doing the exact same thing but way bigger, because this version combines the impact and the observation into a single launch.
Nobody's ever done that before. And this is all practice because one day an asteroid might be headed towards Earth.
And when it does, this is what we would do. We are not just watching space anymore.
We are literally learning how to punch back. Interesting. China, huh?
But I told you I saw China in the meetings, and I said I saw them.
They knew, and I actually could see three different men that were talking about this, and I remember they had white coats on.
They had white robes, like lab coats, and they were frantic.
These men looked very smart, and they were talking about... they were not being optimistic like American people were.
And when I heard them in the meeting saying, "The math is in our favor, we believe it's going to pass by,"China's people were saying, "This is for sure going to hit."And I remember they were frantic, these three men, trying to come up with a plan of how to detour what they believe is coming.
Then I see this, and I thought that's really interesting. The Lord's warning us, ladies and gentlemen, but we know the outcome.
It will hit Earth. Wormwood will be a major event. And I said, "It will boil the water.
It will kill all the fish in the sea."And we know what the Bible tells us is coming. I don't know.
I just think it's interesting, the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ as we see things straight.
They're going to try to do all these things in the days ahead, and we got boats and all these people running out of gas, and now they're limiting how much fuel you can buy to less than 24 liters or whatever.
And they said you can't buy but just this much fuel now in certain countries.
They're saying that this is all we have. You can't buy any more than that because we're running out. And I thought that was kind of interesting.
But I just go, "Hmm."So just because we don't feel the full effects of it in America doesn't mean other nations around the world, billions of people around the world, are not feeling the effects of this Iranian conflict.
So is that it? Yeah, you're good. All right. Thank you, Braden. Yeah.
And if you want to show the lines of people, they're all walking.
Why is my screen this one? Okay, one more. They're all walking in the Philippines.
This is the Philippines running out of gas. They're looking for gas.
They're all walking instead of using their mopeds and stuff.
So, it's affecting people. It's a lot of people walking. Yeah. Goes all the way back. Yeah. It's a long way.
It looks like the people coming to America back when Joe Biden was president. We're coming to America.
Joe Biden's like, "Come on, let them in on the open border."Thank you, Joe Biden.
Doesn't it? It looks like the convoy is coming to America on the southern border.
Is Joe Biden president in the Philippines? We didn't know he was down there.
Thanks, Joe Biden. Let's go. All right. Is that it? Yeah, that's it.
What is that? Same thing. They're just hyping it up. Massive mission, and they're all showing it.
So, let's pray. Let's see what the Lord has for us tonight. I pray...
last night I'm so thankful that we prayed over the souls. We prayed over everything.
And who's little Kim going to a meeting with? Belarus. So little Kim's having dinner dates with Belarus.
I wonder what that's about. Those horses are beautiful. I love horses, man.
They're so pretty. All right. Father, we just thank you for the body that was broken for us.
I mean, you died. You suffered. Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are healed by your stripes.
We thank you, Lord. Father, we thank you for all that you did for us.
We thank you, Lord, that we don't have to have sickness and disease. We thank you, Lord, that we have the mind of Christ.
We thank you, Lord, that there are so many benefits we have as believers, that we don't have to go through what the devil's done.
Christ redeemed us from all of it. And as we enter into this season of Passover, Good Friday, and Easter, oh Father, we love you, and we're so thankful.
We're so grateful for what you've done. Thank you, Father, that we lift up this body, and we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we take it in the name of Jesus in remembrance of what you did for us: for my little girl Megan, for Braden, for Paisley, for Diana, and for me.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. Lord, thank you for the blood. We apply the blood.
We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us. We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood over us. We cover our heads. We cover our toes to the soles of our feet.
We thank you, Lord, that our metabolisms are working like they're supposed to, burning off excess fat.
I thank you, Father, that our bodies are covered in the blood, that we're healthy, whole, and well, and our organs are functioning like they're supposed to.
Thank you, Lord, that our bodies are temples that you live in.
If we look up your address, your address is Brandon Biggs. You dwell on the inside of me.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. And I thank you, Lord.
We take this blood and we apply it over any vision, anything you show us, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come. And Father, we yield to the anointing of the seer and the watchman. We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And we thank you, Lord, that you called us and you have chosen us for such a time as this to warn the nations of the plans and the plots of the evil one.
Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise. For we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
We are yielded to the Holy Spirit. We're yielded to you, and we deflect all glory to you in your mighty name.
And we thank you, Father, for this time of prayer tonight as we jump in the river and flow with what you have for us.
And we give you all the glory. Amen and amen. We take the blood. Thank you for your blood.
Lord, wherever you want to go tonight, Father, for all the news that we see and all the things that we do, we're not afraid of any of it. As for a 1929-style crash, I'm not concerned about it.
We don't know the timing of it directly, but we know that you said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread."No matter if it happens tomorrow or if it happens in a year, two years, whatever, we know that you said you'd provide for us.
You took care of the children of Israel in the desert. You took care of them with a cloud by day and a fire by night.
You took care of them with the manna. You took care of them with the quail.
Lord, you've been so good. And their shoes never wore out. Their clothes never wore out.
They were not sick; there was not any feeble one among them. Father, and what you did in the old covenant, you'll do even more with the new.
We believe, Father, that we walk in a greater covenant than Abraham. We walk in a greater covenant than Isaac and Jacob.
We walk in a covenant with your Son's blood, that you did it all for us.
That as he is, so are we in this world. And we lack no good thing.
No matter about economies crashing, world economies crashing, plagues, or pestilence, no matter what is going on out there, we stay in the secret place of the Most High.
We are abiding under the shadow of the Almighty. And if the ravens will protect Elijah, how much more?
They brought him food, and they took care of him. Father, how much more will you take care of us?
If you could multiply the fishes and the loaves and feed 5,000 plus, how much more can you feed us?
Twelve baskets overflow. I believe you're the overflow God.
I believe that you take care of the twelve baskets overflow, and there's not room enough to receive it all. You're the God of abundance.
You're the God of the surplus, that if you gave the fishes and the loaves to have a surplus, how much more will you do it again for us?
So, we're not going to worry. We're not going to fret. We're not going to have anxiety about anything because we know that you know what we need before we even know we need it.
So, we take authority over any fear concerning the world economy and what's going on right now.
And we take authority over pill shortages. We take authority over produce shortages. We take authority over drought concerning the rain.
Right off the bat, Father, we call in rain from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We call in low-pressure systems on jet streams to bring us water, to bring in the Gulf moisture. We call it in, in the name of Jesus.
Rain, come to Oklahoma, Kansas, and these areas that are in drought over Arizona, Nevada, wherever they're having major drought, we call in rain in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over drought. We call in that rain, Father, that we have an abundance.
We claim, we call those things that be not as though they were. And we claim five inches of rain off of one system.
Five inches, a soaking, toad-strangling rain, a cow-patty-floating rain coming down the prairie, coming into our area in the name of Jesus.
A supernatural rain, that we get a toad-strangling rain. I believe that there'll be a supernatural rain coming forth in Jesus'name over this area, breaking drought, breaking this fire threat.
And I thank you, Lord, that the rain comes forth now in Jesus'name.
And we see the cloud the size of a man's hand, and we hear the sound of an abundance of rain over our areas, that this will not be weather manipulation.
We call our crops to have a bumper crop harvest over the prairie, over the breadbasket of America.
We call in the rain in the name of Jesus. Satan, get your hands off of our rain.
Rain, come forth in Jesus'name. No more fires. No more red flags. Rain, come forth in Jesus'name. And I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we have that rain. We call it in right now. And it's over Florida.
It's over these things. Father, I thank you, Lord. We're calling it in.
We call it in. An abundance of rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
No more fires in Jesus'name. Over Colorado, we call the rain.
We call in rain over Kansas, over Texas, over Amarillo, over Lubbock, and over El Paso.
I don't know who else is needing rain, but we call it in. We know who else needs it.
Father, you do. Nebraska, we're calling in rain over Nebraska.
We call it in over Missouri. Father, we thank you, Lord, over our land, a good soaking rain.
A vast amount of rain. Not flooding and damaging, but a vast amount of rain.
A beautiful, toad-strangling rain. Father, we thank you, Lord.
That's what they call a lot of rain here in Oklahoma, a toad-strangler.
It's going to be a lot. Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord. We call those things that be not as though they were.
We give you praise for it, Father. We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel. We're moved by what the word of God says.
And if the Lord Jesus could speak to the rain, we call the rain in, too. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, and we give you praise in the name of Jesus. We give you praise in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, we lift up Passover before you and the Jewish feast and the celebration of Passover.
We plead the blood over every synagogue and every Jewish gathering.
We say there will be no terrorist attacks, no plots, and no plans for mass destruction on any Jewish people that celebrate the Passover. We call in peace.
We call in the protection of your mighty angels, that there will not be any innocent lives lost over every place of celebration and place of worship in the next week from today.
We call in the name of Jesus for every plot and every plan to be uncovered and foiled in the name of Jesus, that there will be no successful mass shootings or bombings or anything.
We thank you, Lord, that the hand of the Lord is against this demonic spirit to kill, steal, and destroy.
We pray over Good Friday services. We pray over our Easter celebrations celebrating Resurrection Sunday.
We pray over every service, over every congregation that's represented here.
We cover the churches, from the Baptists, the Methodists, the Catholics, the Church of Christ, the Pentecostals, to the Church of God—all of them.
We cover them in the name of Jesus, that we will have services all throughout the world: Asia, South America, Africa, the Middle East, America, Canada, Mexico, all these areas, Father, over Europe, and especially over the Vatican.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over our services, a covering over our gatherings, that there will be no mass casualties of any kind.
Yeah, I've got to pray over that. No hindrance over anything.
Over Toronto, over every Good Friday service, over Easter, over Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
We call in an angelic host of aid and assistance. Angelic aid and assistance to war on our behalf. We call in the warring angels.
We call them in right now in the name of Jesus over every place of worship, over the Vatican, and over these areas.
Father, I see the place again. As I shifted off these churches, I see pipes. I see white pipes.
I see containers for oil and gas in America, but they're a white structure, and it looks almost like what you would see for a hamster.
I don't know how, it's just like pipes that go all like this, like plumbing all in these pipes.
I see sabotage again on another oil facility, but it's white.
It looks painted white, and there's a glossy finish on these pipes.
I don't know if this is natural gas or if this is oil, but I can see a glossy white finish on this facility, on these specific pipes.
It could be propane. Do you know how you have propane tanks? They have that white finish on propane.
It looks like a glaze. Thank you, Lord, for my angels helping me.
Watch over this room. I take authority over witchcraft trying to come against me.
We bless it; it falls to the ground. We bless the people trying to come against us, and it falls to the ground.
We come against hexes and vexes and things that try to come against us as we pray, and it falls to the ground in Jesus'name.
We bless those that persecute us and come against us. Yes, and we forgive them, too.
You can't curse whom God has blessed. A curse without a cause cannot stand.
It's like a rubber ball; it bounces off the surface. Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, for our oil refineries.
We come against any attack on our oil. Oh, I see it again. It's very strong.
This is all on the Gulf Coast. This big barrel looks like it's black and red at the top.
It's a black facility. It's a black barrel with red at the top.
Now I see power plants. I see great infrastructure of power plants.
You know, when you see all the transformers, like a substation.
The Lord said a substation. That's right here. The word substation.
They're scoping the substations. This is a massive substation.
It looks like a field full of this, and they're targeting to try to sabotage this substation, and this would cause major blackouts.
Oh no. Amen. I see it would shut down banks. It would shut down the banks and these major cities.
I see a major city. I see New York completely dark. Chase is on the front of this building, and they're black.
The lights are off at Chase. I see Atlanta now. Not necessarily saying that Chase has something to do with Atlanta.
It's two different visions. I see Chase completely dark. Then I see Atlanta over here, and it's split.
So I'm seeing Chase banks dark. Then I see Atlanta, and I see the power grid in Atlanta.
Inside, I'm going to say it. Father, I thank you. I see a boxcar at a railroad facility.
This is a machine that is created to create an electromagnetic pulse.
It sends a wave off of it by some kind of combustion in a boxcar. I see this, Braden.
As I'm looking into this, it's in a black-looking boxcar, and on the side, I see how you can crawl up it.
Inside this boxcar looks like a cylinder tube with an opening in it that has electricity.
It looks like some science project, but it sends a pulse, and I can see it flashing.
Do you know how you go to a science museum, and you touch it, and the electricity pulses off of those science things?
You can touch it, and it's a round Tesla-looking thing. It's in the Omniplex.
This is a cylinder tube, and as I see this electricity going through this, it sends a blue energy that's going through this tube faster and faster.
It sends a pulse, and it turns off power. Similar to something out of, you know, like on Ocean's 11, when the African-American man made the thing to turn off the power in the casino.
It's similar to something like that. It's a pulse. I see this thing, and it's in a boxcar.
I know that sounds way out there, ladies and gentlemen. I'm telling you what I'm seeing.
It looks like it's in a black boxcar. It's about the electric grid.
It's about our substations. It's about our power. It's about causing the economy to shut down. A war against our economy.
I hear a war against your economy, turning off your banks, turning off the power grid, coming against your oil industry, coming against your natural gas industry, propane, things that are of our economy.
A strategic crippling of the economy. I see that barge coming down the Mississippi again.
Oh, Father, have mercy. I see harvest time. Same thing about Rosh Hashanah, September the 11th, 9/11.
Father, help me get over that. I want to see over that. I'm in the summer months.
I'm going from July, I see August, I see September. It's very clear.
Praying over the 4th of July. The prayer event in May. Listen.
The motorcade. I see the cars. I see the beast. I see the bridge.
It's in New York. I see the road. The motorcade. There's a list of names.
I see a list of people. Lord, I see this hit list. There's been an order.
A call, a hit list. It's written, more to come. I see Tucker Carlson before me.
Hold on. The malls. The bond. Amen. It's the policies. They laugh.
The talents. The clan. The cloak. The cloth. The souls. Father, we thank you.
Every plan across this land, uncovered. We call them to open the TSA agents to get them back to work now.
We call a vote, a bill for Homeland Security passed now. Stop this now.
We call a bill for Homeland Security to be open back for our TSA agents to come back to work.
Now, I see Schumer. I see AOC. I see Bernie. It's like all these big leaders in the Democratic party that rise up.
I see there's so much darkness, and they're yelling the loudest to influence.
What's interesting is I don't see Pelosi's face. I see Booker, and they're yelling a lot, trying to influence the party.
It's almost like a cancer. They're yelling the loudest, and they have the ears of the party.
AOC. You know what I'm talking about. The girl, the bartender.
Her, Bernie, and Schumer. It's an influence there. It's loud, and there's a spirit behind them.
Father, we thank you. You can turn that off. We thank you, Lord, for every one of these plots and plans.
I'm waiting for the next part of the river. It pulled me, and I was looking into attacks on the motorcades. A signed list.
I saw a hit list, and they looked like Middle Eastern men, and they had a list of people from less importance to more importance to eliminate them out of the government, like we did theirs.
I saw a strategic list, but these were like Navy SEALs of Iran.
These were not just normal soldiers; these were special ops.
They had a strategic list of people they were assigned to take out in our government.
I went clear through summer. I could see the bridges. I could see where the sun was shining on New York.
New York is an extreme target. I could see the bridge. There's a big bridge there. I believe it separates New Jersey from Manhattan, right?
It's a big bridge there that I believe either the Hudson or the East River goes through.
There was something about that bridge, praying over it as I was praying into parades and things concerning the 250th anniversary.
Praying over major attacks concerning our nation, but more about September the 11th.
Praying into September the 11th, praying over this timeframe going into the fall.
Strategic things, as I saw the barge floating down the Mississippi River that looks like something you would have grain on.
I told you, North Korea, it would look like Asian people that had a rocket to shoot out over America.
Praying against this. It was in the vision, trying to do an EMP.
Praying over our electric grid. I saw the banks completely closed.
What bridge is that, son? What bridge am I talking about? Brooklyn Bridge.
Is that it? I don't have a clue. It's a bridge that separates. It's a big bridge, and I saw a target about this bridge.
As I was praying into that, I could see strategic things about our electric grid coming to cripple our economy for the stock market and banking through our substations.
Praying over our substations and where we harbor our oil. Oil facilities like our refinery plants, but more so where we store oil for drones and sabotage.
I saw huge oil barrels, like where you would store oil, and they were on fire.
Completely engulfed in fire, black smoke coming off of these barrels.
Not like 50-gallon barrels, I'm talking about massive places that were on fire.
They were burning kind of like what you'd see from a lightning strike on an oil rig here in Oklahoma.
But it was massive amounts of fire, like a complete blackout in the skies.
As I was looking into it, I could see Italy. I could see a major shaking with an earthquake.
An 8.2 coming to Italy. Italy will have an 8.2 earthquake close to Rome.
A major earthquake will take place in Italy. An 8.2 specifically was the number I saw.
Okay. Still, I see the subway systems. Transit being a target.
Subways next to the rivers, trying to use this as a place to take out through subway cars, breaking open the water flow over the rivers to flood the subways used for mass transit.
I see subway cars break the water to come through and flood those subways to the rivers. I see the UN.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, that the darkness is exposed and that you bring these people to justice.
I'm not going to say that out loud. I fear you, not man, Lord. But there are certain things that I just, when I see that and who's doing it...
You don't even realize how dark the mayor of New York truly is, the depth of his plans, and the assignment he's assigned to, who's truly talking to him.
They don't realize who's truly talking to him, the darkness that is truly around him, and his assignment.
The mayor of New York is a very, very dark person, and the level of dark is something like we've never seen before.
Especially in politics, people say, "Well, Obama was dark."Obama, you say, "Hold my Coke,"compared to this dude.
It's very serious. I see something, but I'm not going to say it out loud. I'm sorry. Father, give me boldness. My God.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that all levels of darkness are exposed.
I'm so thankful that we live in the last days. Everything I see is an acceleration of the coming of your son. The visions are so clear tonight, y'all.
And they're very detailed, but it all looks like complete chaos with some of the things I see and what they are planning to hurt our nation.
We must pray for President Trump's strength to finish his race.
It's like he says all the time, "I'm just standing in their way.
They're not after me. They're after you."That will hold to be so true.
Certain people are two-faced. I see them attacking MAGA in the days ahead.
And MAGA will be dead. It's just giving you a window. What will you do with the window God has given you?
An acceleration of someone evil like Obama would try to come again.
But Obama is nothing compared to this individual. This other one is being groomed by Satan himself.
Darkness is trying to do to... it gives them a falseness, like how they followed Hitler.
It's a spirit behind the individual to rally people. It's like the people are blind.
They have a reprobate mind. It's like the people who listened to Hitler and followed him.
You go, "How could you do that and think it's okay to eradicate and genocide these people?"They just follow blindly because it's a demonic spirit they're following.
As I look into this, I see a new face coming that will be charismatic, that will have a charisma to bring you in like syrup, that will have a demonic glow around them.
It's a blackness. I don't want to use the word 'glow'because when you hear 'glow,'glow is light.
But this is a demonic envelopment. It's like a grooming of a new face. Aura.
I don't use New Age terms, but I'm trying to tell you this is a darkness.
And they will be able to ensnare people to vote for them and to follow them blindly, trying to take a two-term presidency.
I see an eight-year presidency coming out of this. I see the number eight by this person, an eight trying to be a two-term president.
I'm not saying that the rapture of the church is not going to happen.
This is what I'm telling you. Whether we're here or not, I don't know.
I see an eight by this person. Socialism. Socialism. You hear me, son?
It's socialist. Y'all want to pray a little bit longer? How long have we been going?
I've been led by the Holy Ghost, but I'm telling you, we can push. I can see him pass this into this.
You'll hear a lot of prophetic voices say all this good is coming.
You're going to hear a lot of it, a lot of chatter about 2028 and all this.
It's false. You need to rise up, church. I see a dark plan coming.
If the church doesn't wake up and vote like they did in this last election, I see midterms being a landslide for the wrong direction.
We need the economy to be stable and we need these things to be good for him to win and keep his presidency, even for the Senate and the House, trying to cause civil war in this nation.
But I see for 2028, I see darkness. I'm telling you, around 2028. It's great darkness, a plan.
And it will take the church rising up in prayer and fasting, seeking the Father like we've never sought Him before for revival, and for the church to wake up.
It's a reprobate mind. People keep going because we're not preaching holiness and righteousness back in the pulpits.
As the church goes, so the world goes. So the United States goes; it's on the church's shoulders. Praying for Trump to get him across.
Praying for our pastors to stir up the congregations to bring forth a people that pray together, families that pray together. Then you vote right, when you think right.
But a charismatic, forked-tongue person is coming that is going to try to sway even the believer in the days ahead, like Obama playing on race for African Americans, playing on the Spanish, playing on this.
You'll follow somebody because of the charisma and what they promise you.
Look what happened in New York. People say, "Oh, that'll never happen as president.
That'll never happen."A dark individual is coming. I don't even know if they're like a Muslim or whatever.
I don't see a religion. I see Satanism. I see somebody who's being groomed by the devil.
It's not like I say, "Well, this is a Muslim or whatever, or a socialist."It is a person who I would even say claims to be a Satanist. I don't know.
What I'm seeing is a demonic figure that is demonically energized with a satanic endowment, like an anointing, a charismatic demonic presence.
This is a charisma where everybody's going to like you, like Hitler.
Not as bad as Hitler killing people, but I'm talking about it's the same.
Why do they follow him? It's the same thing. And the devil has a plan. We're in the end of the end, coming against the church.
We must rise up and pray like this, keep pushing back and holding back this demonic pressure that's trying to push against us.
Heaven and earth are colliding. The church is about to have their day of a great revival.
I believe it. But I'm seeing the other side. Where's my coin?
The other side of the coin. Glory on this side, darkness on this side, birthing pains.
And what I'm seeing over here tonight is very, very troublesome in the spirit.
I'm telling you, I see it. I know that you all are awake. You're here.
I don't know how many people are here tonight; it doesn't matter.
The Lord says, "Stop looking at it all the time."I'm looking at you, telling you, you must know that we are in the end of the end.
And it's time for the church to rise up and pray like we've never prayed before, intercede for President Trump, and pray for the two-faced people around him to get a radical visitation from the Lord.
You know, it's not hopeless. There's hope in Jesus. There's hope in this. But I'm telling you, it's serious.
It's an all-hands-on-deck, all-out war between good and evil, fighting and standing on our ground and saying, "Listen, we're going to preach the truth.
We're going to tell the people the truth."It's all about the end, y'all. We're right there.
Darkness and light are just having this collision, and we are victorious because we know.
But it's people who know who they are in Christ and taking their dominion and authority, not begging believers: "Well, Lord, we thank You, we praise You, we ask You."No, the way they say it, it's like begging: "Please, Lord, help us."No, it's taking your authority.
I say the sky is not falling, Chicken Little, if you know who you are.
As He is, so are you in this world. But it's going to take a backbone like a crowbar.
And I'm telling you, midterms, I keep looking at this, and even for the state of Oklahoma, if you live in this state, you must pray for even our governor's race, that our state does not flip blue.
This is how serious it is. I see somebody with more polish coming out against Henry. Is that right? Not Henry. Stitt.
Coming against Stitt and the policies, trying to sway the people to go a different direction for the first time in 16 years.
And so I believe with all my heart we'll have a victory over Oklahoma, and we will have the right person even where we live.
It's how important it is for the revival and the Bible Belt to remain strong, that Oklahoma will not be divided.
And I know there's a lot of you who say, "I'm in Australia. What do I care?"I'm telling you, this is where the main hub of the revival will be in these last days.
I've seen it. The I-35 corridor, a major revival will happen in the central part of America.
And the enemy is not dumb. He knows what's been prophesied. And if he can bring in liberal thinking and try to tear down, it brings in spirits.
It's demonic. And you push them back like I do in Tulsa all the time, praying over it because we have liberal thinking.
And the more I drive around, what you would consider our area in Tulsa, in this ORU area that we pray over.
There is a darkness that's trying to settle in over here with liberalism. And I say no, we'll not have that here.
We're going to be a Bible-believing people that rise up and proclaim that Jesus Christ is coming over our area.
But we need revival even in Tulsa from what I feel. It is serious.
So what I'm seeing tonight, we pray for these terrorist attacks.
We pray for all this to be uncovered concerning mass transit. Again, this is a high time.
Passover, praying over Easter, praying over our nation, going all the way up until Rosh Hashanah right now, September the 11th, praying over our nation.
Thank God you're here. Thank God you're praying with me. I believe many hands make light work.
Oh, Father, I thank You, Lord, for tonight. I thank You, Lord, for every believing believer that's here.
That we will have God-fearing people. That Mike Lindell will win Minnesota.
Mike Lindell, I don't even know if he's still running, but I pray for him to still win.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that a Mike Lindell, these believing believers like the MyPillow man, would rise up and win Minnesota, and it would be a landslide victory, Father.
That Oklahoma will always remain red, that we will not go blue, and that there will not be a demonic agenda to take down Oklahoma.
I thank You, Father. Lord, we thank You for the red wave. We thank You, Lord, that the church rises up and we vote like we're supposed to.
Thank You, Father. We're so grateful, Lord. We're so grateful, Father, that You're bringing forth people that have great boldness in these last days.
They have a backbone like a crowbar. Father, shake this nation.
And Father, I thank You that we will not turn into a goat nation, but we will remain a sheep nation.
That's one nation under God. We will remain a nation under God, the only God.
I Am That I Am, Yahweh, Yeshua. I thank You, Father, that You will be our God and we will be Your people.
We yield ourselves to You. We glorify You. We magnify You and we praise You that You are on the throne and You know exactly what's coming.
But America will not be a goat nation. We will remain a sheep nation as we stand in Your presence and proclaim Jesus is Lord over America.
Jesus is Lord over Oklahoma. Jesus is Lord over Texas, Alabama, all our states.
Father, we say Jesus is Lord over Hawaii. Jesus is Lord over California, over Nevada. Jesus is Lord.
The bluer they are, the greater the revival, the greater the outcome, the greater the harvest.
Jesus is Lord over Minnesota. Jesus is Lord over Michigan, over New York.
Father, we thank You, Lord, over Pennsylvania. Jesus is Lord over Ontario and British Columbia, England, and Ireland.
Jesus is Lord over South Korea, North Korea, Japan. Father, we thank You, Lord, that the revival starts with us, and we rise up, and we are the laborers.
We're co-laborers of Jesus Christ. We take our dominion and authority, and we will rise up.
We will not be a goat nation. We will remain a sheep nation in the name of Jesus.
And revival starts with us, Lord. We stand as that barrier so that the devil cannot have this nation.
We'll say, "No, Satan, you will not."And we thank You, Lord.
I come against even the things that You're showing me. I believe, Father, that we can flip it in prayer.
2028 will not be a landslide victory for the blue. We'll have a landslide victory with the red, but we'll put the right candidate in.
Rubio, we call for people like Rubio, people that are good, that will rise up and vote, and we'll vote for the righteous.
I'd even take Don Jr. Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord, that this would be a time like we've never seen before.
A rising up with the glorious church. Father, we thank You that You've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We pray for President Trump, that he sleeps well. He's covered. He's protected.
His children are protected: Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, and even Kai.
We pray for every single one of them, that they are never in harm's way.
That a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh his children or his grandchildren.
And we pray over his spouse, the First Lady. We pray over her, Father, that she's in the right place at the right time.
There's protection around her, over President Trump, Father.
Over his veins, over his blood, over his organs, over his mind, that he has the mind of Christ. He thinks right, and he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray a hedge around and about President Trump, that he has no pride, that he is humble before You, and he is inquiring of the Lord on how to lead this nation.
And Father, we thank You, Lord, that when he inquires of the Lord, he'll have great victory. And we thank You, Lord, for President Trump tonight.
We thank You for Homeland Security, FBI, even the CIA and NSA, over every department of defense that protects us.
Our military, our men and women of service on the boats, in the military bases around Iraq and other places.
Father, we cover them in the blood. We thank You, Lord, for our military aircraft and exposing the darkness in the mountains.
Exposing every plot, every plan in Iraq and the confusion over the Strait.
We call them protected and pray that we will not have oil prices go well above $200.
Thank you, Father, that our economy will remain stable, and Father, we'll have a great victory for a window of opportunity for supernatural increase in the name of Jesus.
We believe, Father, the best is yet to come for the church as we rise up and we have dominion, authority over the devil, and he's under our feet.
You're under our feet, devil. And we give you praise and glory, Father, for it tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that all we've prayed tonight and we continue to pray, we have victory in the mighty name of Jesus.
We pray on the victory side, not on the defeated side. Do you believe that?
It's time. What do you have me to do with all that you showed me tonight, Father?
We stand. We stand even for 2028. I thank you, Father, that this church wakes up.
Oh Father, we thank you. He's going to get our attention. The church is about to wake up in a different way that you've never seen before.
There's such a spoiled bratness with the people. They turn their nose up towards him.
There's such an arrogance upon the people, a stench. Pride comes before a fall.
And I see right then in that quiet, I hear his heart cry for the lost sheep.
He said, 'What's coming, Brandon? I didn't want it, but they left me no choice.'1 Corinthians 5:5.
I can see his heart toward it, and what I would say is, it is heavy.
This is out of—and I won't use the word desperation—but out of a plea of wanting not one to perish.
What gets your attention? What makes America tick? What gets your attention, America?
If you warn your child, 'I'm going to spank you if you don't do what I tell you to do.'Out of love, people go, 'Is this spanking love?'Oh, yes.
'Don't go in front of that car.'Johnny gets a little closer to the street.
'Don't go to the street. What are you doing? Are you kidding me?
Don't go to the street.'And he's two steps from walking into oncoming traffic.
After a while, you'd be a really dumb parent, right, if you just let your kid walk into the traffic when you saw the cars coming.
How much more does God love us? But he sees people that are on their way, going 90 miles an hour toward hell.
And after a while, you're like, 'I'm trying to tell you, don't do that. Don't go in that direction.'I see what he's saying.
There are so many people here tonight, and he's yelled and yelled at you over and over again to get your life right.
Sudden destruction and sudden open doors leave us in a very hard place.
Sometimes it's life and death. But there are many of you here tonight who know you're living wrong.
You know that if you were to die today, you don't know where you would spend eternity.
And as I'm looking into this, a good father always corrects, always tells his kids, 'Listen, enough is enough.
Now there are consequences.'And mercy, mercy, love. That's why I've tried to tell you; you think going through a hard time with finances is God's judgment.
And many people, with what's about to happen, what I just saw in that quiet...
you think it's God's judgment. You think it'll be an Ichabod. But it's correction.
True judgment, ladies and gentlemen, is separation from the Lord for eternity. That is judgment.
Going through something like 1 Corinthians 5:5 is not judgment; that's correction.
But judgment is being in hell forever. There's no hope. Once you've crossed that line, and you're dead and you go to hell, it's over.
There's no turning back. And he knows that. But the most valuable thing to him is your life, your soul; for you to turn.
He's your father. He loves you. And tonight, there are many of you that are already one foot into hell.
But God wants you to be all in for him. It's your choice. The wages of sin is death.
I know there could be just a few of you, but tonight I want you to be all in for Jesus.
It's appointed unto man once to die. It's appointed unto a woman once to die, and after that, the judgment.
And you may be here tonight, and you were once really radical for Jesus.
But over the course of time, you got weary in well-doing, and you're backsliding. You're not where you should be with the Lord.
From what I just saw, I saw spoiled brat people who have turned their nose up to God, and they're on the highway going 90 miles an hour, going right off the side of a cliff.
And he says, 'Brandon, 1 Corinthians 5:5 is going to come into full manifestation.'And it's all because he loves you and doesn't want you going to hell.
So if you think, 'Well, I've had a hard time, I'm going to do this,'he's trying to get your attention.
He doesn't want anybody to perish, but all to come to repentance.
A good father will spank his kid if they're doing something really dumb. Correction comes, and I saw correction coming.
But tonight is your night to turn away from what you've been doing and get on the right side of it.
Who's on the Lord's side? He's drawing a line in the sand, and he's saying, 'Will you follow me?'You have one last call.
And tonight might be your last opportunity to confess your sins, to turn to Jesus before it's too late. No one is promised tomorrow, and I say it all the time.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or do whatever you're going to do, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
But I want you to really search your heart right now and say, 'Do I know Jesus?'And more importantly, 'Does he know me?'I'm just going to say a simple prayer for you, and you repeat it after me.
If you want to ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight is your night.
He's standing at the door knocking, and he's saying, 'Will you let me in?'But you shut the door on him; he didn't shut the door on you.
Right now, he's knocking and asking you, 'Will you let me in?'So, if you're all in, I want you to be bold.
You want to give Jesus your life. You want to surrender all tonight. I want you to put it in the comment section right now.
I want you to be bold about your faith, and I want you to accept Jesus Christ tonight.
I'm going to say a simple prayer. You say it with me. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, tonight I repent of my sins. I turn my back on my sin. I turn my back on the devil.
And I turn my back on what I was doing altogether, living for the devil.
And from this day forward, I sell out to you. I make you my Lord and personal Savior, Jesus.
From this day forward, I will worship you. I will serve you. I ask you tonight to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I am a sinner, but tonight I confess my sins before you, and I make you my Lord and personal Savior, and I'm sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin today. As far as the east is from the west, you've taken my sins from me, and you don't remember them anymore.
The moment I confess my sins, you said you cast them into the sea of forgetfulness.
You remember them no more. It's washed. And I thank you, Lord, that if I die today, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
I love you, Jesus. Thank you for giving me a fresh, clean start.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that simple little prayer, you just got born again.
Now, what do you do? You find a Bible-believing church, one that will teach you the Word of God.
I would go to a non-denominational church. That's where I would go. Get plugged in there.
Get in the Bible studies Wednesday night, Sunday night, Sunday morning—whatever you can do to learn about Christianity and the decision you've made today.
Read your Bible every day. Find a Bible. Read it every day and pray. Come on here and pray with us. Get plugged in here.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our YouTube channel.
We're a praying people. We love the Lord. We're not perfect.
We're all just ex-sinners saved by grace. And isn't Jesus wonderful that he would use us?
But if you can't afford a Bible, you don't have a Bible, and you just said the sinner's prayer tonight, we want to give you your first Bible.
All you have to do is email us down in the description below and say, 'I got born again watching you, and I would like to have a free Bible.'We'll send you the Bible for free.
We're not asking you any questions; we just want to celebrate your decision tonight to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
If you're watching this, we just want to tell you, welcome to the family.
We'll not solicit you for anything else, but we want to just celebrate your decision.
And if you fall down and you sin again and you mess up, you run to God when you sin.
You don't run away from him. He knew you were going to mess up.
He knows we mess up. We've all sinned and come short of the glory.
But I'm going to tell you, the moment we mess up, we run to God and say, 'God, I need you.
I can't do this without you.'And he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there saying, 'I got you.'I'll brush off your wounds, I'll clean you up, put you right.
Just like a toddler falls, we, as babies in Christ, fall too.
But we stand up again, and we run to God and say, 'God, I need you.'We don't run from him.
The devil will be immediately there to say, 'I told you you weren't saved.
I told you you were not right. A real Christian wouldn't do what you just did.'But he's a liar.
He's the accuser of the brethren. He's always out there trying to tempt you.
He'll mess you up, and then he'll hit you in the head with it. He is a piece of trash.
But I believe that our sin is none of the devil's business. It's the Lord's. 'Lord, I need you. I need you. Shut the doors.
Thank you, Lord, for helping me.'So, we're so excited you're here tonight. We love you.
We're excited about all 59 of you who gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight. Welcome to the family.
All 59 people who just accepted the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
We're so excited you're here. Stay around us, pray with us, and I believe you're part of the end-time army.
God has a plan for you, and I'm so excited that you sold your heart to Jesus.
You're selling out to Jesus tonight. You gave your heart to Jesus.
You're saying, 'I need you.'You recognize that you need a Lord and Savior. So, praise the Lord.
Well, to the rest of you who came out tonight, thank you for praying with us.
We have much work to do from what I just saw. But I'll leave you with that. It's getting late again, and we will pray again.
Like I said, when I get in that river, what I saw tonight was a little like, wow, things that I did not even say.
But I don't know. Like I said, I need to inquire of the Lord for wisdom.
I don't want to just say certain things anymore on the internet.
I have to really watch some of this stuff. Some of this was very, very bad.
And so, I'll have to talk to who I need to talk to about it first.
God bless you all, and we love you. We love every single one of you.
God bless you, and we will see you again. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you. God bless you all. Have a wonderful evening. Bye-bye.